README.md, before:

# Blog Project for Udacity Front End Web Developer Program 

[The Food Dude Blog](https://brave-varahamihira-acbeab.netlify.app/)

## Design System

The design system was mapped out initially in Figma and exported to PDF. There is a link to this in the top navigation of the blog.

You can view the PDF directly [here](https://brave-varahamihira-acbeab.netlify.app/design-system/Food-Dude.pdf)

## Responsive Web Design

Both CSS Grid and Flexbox have been applied throught the project. Each page should display correctly on any device, this has been checked via chrome developer tools during development.


## Open Source Images

Some of the photos are originals taken on my phone, some were sourced from unsplash.com and pixabay.com

## Hero Image on home page

Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@sebastiancoman?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Sebastian Coman Photography</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/s/photos/chef?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>
  

### Food Photo credits

carbonara Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@framemily?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Frame Harirak</a> on <a href="/?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>
  
curry Image by <a href="https://pixabay.com/users/sharonang-99559/?utm_source=link-attribution&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_campaign=image&amp;utm_content=1736806">Sharon Ang</a> from <a href="https://pixabay.com/?utm_source=link-attribution&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_campaign=image&amp;utm_content=1736806">Pixabay</a>

chili con carne Image by <a href="https://pixabay.com/users/kalhh-86169/?utm_source=link-attribution&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_campaign=image&amp;utm_content=378952">kalhh</a> from <a href="https://pixabay.com/?utm_source=link-attribution&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_campaign=image&amp;utm_content=378952">Pixabay</a>

Commit message:

feat: Update README.md ref Netlify
As a result of reviewer reviwing files locally have pointed out that project has been deployed to Netlify

README.md, after:

# Blog Project for Udacity Front End Web Developer Program

## Deployment

The project has been deployed using Netlify and can be view at the link below:

[The Food Dude Blog](https://brave-varahamihira-acbeab.netlify.app/)

## Design System

The design system was mapped out initially in Figma and exported to PDF. There is a link to this in the top navigation of the blog.

You can view the PDF directly [here](https://brave-varahamihira-acbeab.netlify.app/design-system/Food-Dude.pdf)

## Responsive Web Design

Both CSS Grid and Flexbox have been applied throught the project. Each page should display correctly on any device, this has been checked via chrome developer tools during development.

## Open Source Images

Some of the photos are originals taken on my phone, some were sourced from unsplash.com and pixabay.com

## Hero Image on home page

Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@sebastiancoman?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Sebastian Coman Photography</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/s/photos/chef?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>

### Food Photo credits

carbonara Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@framemily?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Frame Harirak</a> on <a href="/?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>

curry Image by <a href="https://pixabay.com/users/sharonang-99559/?utm_source=link-attribution&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_campaign=image&amp;utm_content=1736806">Sharon Ang</a> from <a href="https://pixabay.com/?utm_source=link-attribution&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_campaign=image&amp;utm_content=1736806">Pixabay</a>

chili con carne Image by <a href="https://pixabay.com/users/kalhh-86169/?utm_source=link-attribution&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_campaign=image&amp;utm_content=378952">kalhh</a> from <a href="https://pixabay.com/?utm_source=link-attribution&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_campaign=image&amp;utm_content=378952">Pixabay</a>
